1. Overview/1. Overview.md, before:

# What is Redis
## 1. [In-memory Data Structure Store](#in-memory-data-structure-store)
## 2. [Key-Value Database](#key-value-database)
## 3. [Cache](#cache)
## 4. [Message Broker](#message-broker)

---

# Core Use Cases
## 1. [Caching](#caching)
## 2. [Real-time Analytics](#real-time-analytics)
## 3. [Session Management](#session-management)
## 4. [Pub/Sub Messaging](#pubsub-messaging)
## 5. [Leaderboards and Counters](#leaderboards-and-counters)

---

# Key Features
## 1. [Data Persistence Options](#data-persistence-options)
## 2. [Rich Data Structures](#rich-data-structures)
## 3. [High Performance and Scalability](#high-performance-and-scalability)

---

# Redis and Other DBs
## 1. [Redis vs SQL/NoSQL DBs](#redis-vs-sqlnosql-dbs)
## 2. [When to Choose Redis?](#when-to-choose-redis)

---

# What is Redis
### In-memory Data Structure Store
### Key-Value Database
### Cache
### Message Broker

---

# Core Use Cases
### Caching
### Real-time Analytics
### Session Management
### Pub/Sub Messaging
### Leaderboards and Counters

---

# Key Features
### Data Persistence Options
### Rich Data Structures
### High Performance and Scalability

---

# Redis and Other DBs
### Redis vs SQL/NoSQL DBs
### When to Choose Redis?

Commit message:

added brief description of in memory ds stores

1. Overview/1. Overview.md, after:

# What is Redis
## 1. [In-memory Data Structure Store](#in-memory-data-structure-store)
## 2. [Key-Value Database](#key-value-database)
## 3. [Cache](#cache)
## 4. [Message Broker](#message-broker)

---

# Core Use Cases
## 1. [Caching](#caching)
## 2. [Real-time Analytics](#real-time-analytics)
## 3. [Session Management](#session-management)
## 4. [Pub/Sub Messaging](#pubsub-messaging)
## 5. [Leaderboards and Counters](#leaderboards-and-counters)

---

# Key Features
## 1. [Data Persistence Options](#data-persistence-options)
## 2. [Rich Data Structures](#rich-data-structures)
## 3. [High Performance and Scalability](#high-performance-and-scalability)

---

# Redis and Other DBs
## 1. [Redis vs SQL/NoSQL DBs](#redis-vs-sqlnosql-dbs)
## 2. [When to Choose Redis?](#when-to-choose-redis)

---

# What is Redis
### In-memory Data Structure Store
An in-memory db is a purpose-built db that stores all or most of its data in RAM. Such DBs are usually needed for highload and fast applications that require very quick responses. Even though data is stored in RAM, many such DBs may also provide persistence by backing up data with snapshoting, using AOF and etc.
One of the key differences from cashing systems is that such DBs often support a wide variety of data structures, instead of just key-value pairs.
### Key-Value Database
### Cache
### Message Broker

---

# Core Use Cases
### Caching
### Real-time Analytics
### Session Management
### Pub/Sub Messaging
### Leaderboards and Counters

---

# Key Features
### Data Persistence Options
### Rich Data Structures
### High Performance and Scalability

---

# Redis and Other DBs
### Redis vs SQL/NoSQL DBs
### When to Choose Redis?
